# MergeDataSet

This repository groups a set of merge scenarios with known semantic conflicts, which were collected from related studies.

The scenarios are grouped by projects, which may have different merge scenarios. For each merge scenario, you can find:
1. Two projects versions associated with each commit of the merge scenario;
  * Original version: jar files generated using the original source code.
  * Transformed version: jar files generated using transformed code; these transformations change the method and attribute  visibility, and inclusion of empty constructor in the class and its dependencies, where the semantic conflict happen.
  * Some projects also provide a serialized version, which consists of jar files generated by transforming the code and including serialized objects from the target class.
2. The different versions of the class file, that holds the semantic conflict;
3. A README file with guidelines to build each commit locally.

## Semantic Conflicts - CVS File
The file [sample-semantic-conflicts.csv](https://github.com/spgroup/mergedataset/blob/master/semantic-conflicts/sample-semantic-conflicts.csv) groups the merge scenarios that are part of our dataset. In this file, you can find:
1. Sample: the original study that identified the semantic conflict
2. Semantic conflict: a boolean value that indicates the occurrence of a semantic conflict
3. Commit: merge commit associated with the merge scenario
4. Project: original project, where the semantic conflict was found
5. Class: class where the semantic conflict was found
6. Build manager: assistant used to manage the project dependencies
7. Original version: link for the jar files generated from the original project version
8. Transformed version: link for the jar files generated from the transformed project version


## Build Union Script

Some build files are larger than 100 MB, not supported by Github, so they were separated using split, to union them, run the script located at the root with the following command:

```
./prepareDataset.sh
```

## Generating input

For input generation to [SMAT](https://github.com/spgroup/SMAT), run the command:

```sh
python semantic-conflicts/get_sample.py
```

If you want to include serialized jars version, run the previous command with the flag ```--serialized```.

If a project does not have a serialized version, a yellow warning message will be displayed indicating that the serialized version is missing. However, if the original or the transformed version it isn't found, a red error message will be displayed, indicating that there is a issue.


## Attentions When Using Windows
If you use Windows as your operating system, when you clone this project, you will probably receive an error message due to the size of a few file names. This problem will make it impossible for you to clone this repository.

To resolve this, you must install the Windows Linux Subsystem; just follow the steps outlined in this [guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/pt-br/windows/wsl/install-win10). At the end of the installation, just open the Linux terminal on your Windows and clone the project as usual.
